Why is it so urgent?
Send a message with an arrow
This is the arrow of the Great Wall.
Didn't he go to the temple?
Did something happen to the government?
Immediately send the Musketeers with me to the Kingdom.
Your Majesty, foreign ambassadors are coming.
Not because of the private scrap fee that provides, if the delay means peace.
My summer is in danger.
Luu Ai Khanh is right.
We should value national affairs.
Then let Liu Ai Khanh take a trip for me.
You have to go to the cave within a few feet.
Remember to meet that person.
Don't ever neglect
God obeys orders.
Excuse me, Your Majesty.
Why care about a small family?
The first marriage.
Then put the holy thread again.
This is not an honor that the government should have.
All for one person.
Alone.
Right.
One for you.
There is grace for me.
Your time is up.
Wow.
This is your last chance.
You should still respect it.
Everyone here is a judge.
Where you need support from others
More than that.
There is also the adopted daughter of the chief princess, King An Ninh.
A native.
It's just not good or bad.
I have advised you to leave.
You must stay here and die.
All right.
Fortunately, you can cut off your mother s relationship first.
If it is no longer connected to our house.
I really don't know how to live and die.
Gentlemen, today I am the adopted daughter of the chief princess.
Your Majesty personally created the identity of King An Ninh.
Call on you to make an announcement.
City announcement
Cut off her life.
Police Academy